food is good like comida asleep guy I
like to eat it megastar comer alive I
like food hey gusta la fruta I like
fruit may host I love apples the hapless
what's under the bananas bananas bananas
banana the oranges oranges and pineapple
not be Nia the pineapple lavenia the
watermelon do the watermelon via The
Grapes must wash the grapes let's uma
keep it fruit give me a kidney from da
dama dama oh la ruta food is good let go
me da asleep guy I like to eat it
mangusta go mad luv I like breakfast
megusta this are you know I like
breakfast mangusta decide you know the
pic KO sai kiss the pinky don't forget
the eggs los huevos eggs ok remember
this from last episode they all this
annoy you that's the rule that's flower
that is thickening the beans and adding
additional flavor to them just mix the
room with the beans right in the pot
this step is necessary if you're going
to make my version of refried beans stir
the roux into the pot of beans and let
them simmer for about 15 minutes and
they'll be ready to go in the same cast
iron griddle melt about three
tablespoons of shortening and then what
you're going to do at this point you're
going to for the pot of beans into the
cast-iron griddle liquid and all don't
worry about it the liquids going to cook
down and go to fully all the flavor
that's in the pot of beans itself is
going to be our maximize
just stir them in the beginning here
your heat should be up high you want to
make sure that you continue stirring the
beans periodically so that they don't
burn they're going to begin to thicken
up and then they're going to start your
toast and that's what you want okay
notice how they thickened up that's
because the Rue that was in the in the
bean you're starting to see some
toasting to spread them out stir them up
so they're not sticking to the cast iron
griddle
messing with the back of your spoon or
potato masher if you prefer
once in this sort of layer as you're
mashing them up this is going to
condense them the flavors going to fully
abused and the bottoms are going to
start to toast up real nice that's the
objective here you keep down just a tad
keep an eye on this or does it burn now
I'm going to add some chipotle powder
I'll tell you where i get my chipotle
powder on the website
next I'm going to add some garlic salt
this is just to taste in other words
your preference as far as how much
garlic salt I'd like to have it stir it
all together again mix it up the
Chipotle powder is a smoky powder it's
smoked jalapenos that are dried and
smoke and it's got this wonderful flavor
adding that to these refried beans is
what makes them particularly special
read them out again that can continue to
post up
maybe starting to look a little browner
notice how they move away from the
cast-iron pan as I flip them over notice
that they're being toasted at the bottom
do that
ok
look how great that looks now that's
hosting on the opposite side just turn
them over just keep them well mix that
toasted slide you're really basically
going to mix all that together so that
the beans get that toastiness throughout
the mixture and that smoky Chipotle
powder is very it is good let go me that
I sweet guy I like to eat it megu
Stockholm it alive I like food lego star
love fruit done I like freak lego star